Part C- Spark SQL with CSV (6 marks)

COVID-19 has affected our lives significantly in recent years. In Part B your 
task is to do a data analysis task over a COVID-19 data set stored in the CSV 
format using Spark DataFrames and SQL. The COVID-19 dataset contains the cases 
by notification date and postcode, local health district, and local government 
area in NSW, Australia. The dataset is updated daily, except on weekends. Here 
are the fields in the file:

```
notification_date (date) -- e.g. 2020-03-29, 2020-03-30 etc.
postcode (integer) -- e.g. 2011, 2035, etc.
lhd_2010_code (string) -- local health district code, e.g. X720, X760, etc.
lhd_2010_name (string) -- local health district name, e.g. South Eastern Sydney, Northern Sydney, etc.
lga_code19 (string) -- local government area code, e.g. 17200, 16550, etc.
lga_name19 (string) -- local government area name, e.g. Sydney (C), Randwick (C), etc.
num(string) -- the number of cases of this recording.
```

When you click the panel on the right you'll get a connection to a server, and 
in your home directory you can see a sample of the data set named 
"cases-locations.csv".

Your task is to **find the maximum daily cases number** in **each local health 
district (lhd)** together with **the date**. Each line of your result should 
contain the **local health district**, the **local health district code**, the 
**date** and the **maximum daily increase of total confirmed cases**. The 
results should be sorted first by the daily increase in **descending order**, 
and then by the date in ascending order, and finally by the local health 
district name(lhd_2010_name) in **descending** order. For a certain local health 
district, if there are multiple dates that have the same maximum daily cases 
number, please return all such dates.

For example, given the sample data set, your results should be as below:

```
Northern Sydney,X760,2020-03-27,44
South Eastern Sydney,X720,2020-03-27,41
Western Sydney,X740,2020-03-29,24
Hunter New England,X800,2020-03-28,22
South Western Sydney,X710,2020-03-27,18
Sydney,X700,2020-03-29,16
Central Coast,X770,2020-03-27,15
Illawarra Shoalhaven,X730,2020-03-27,14
Nepean Blue Mountains,X750,2020-03-27,10
Mid North Coast,X820,2020-03-28,7
Southern NSW,X830,2020-03-27,6
Northern NSW,X810,2020-03-27,5
Northern NSW,X810,2020-03-30,5
Murrumbidgee,X840,2020-03-30,5
Western NSW,X850,2020-03-27,4
Far West,X860,2020-03-31,1
Far West,X860,2020-04-02,1
```

Write a Python program that uses Spark DataFrames and SQL to do this. A file 
called "sql.py" has been created for you - you just need to fill in the 
details. Again, you should be able to modify programs that you have already 
seen in this week's content. 

You can test your program by running the following command:

`$ spark-submit sql.py`

Please save your results in the **'result-sql'** folder in HDFS. When you are 
happy that your program is correct, click "Submit".
