# Part A - Hive with text (4 marks)
In Part A your task is to answer a question about the data in an unprocessed 
text file using Hive. When you click the panel on the right you'll get a 
connection to a server that has, in your home directory, a text file called 
"walden.txt", containing some sample text (feel free to open the file and 
explore its contents)(it's an extract from Walden, by Henry David Thoreau). 

In this text file, each line is a sentence. It is worth noting that there are 
multiple spaces at the end of each line in this unprocessed text file.

Your task is to find the average word lengths according to the first letters of
sentences. For example, given a toy input file as shown below:

```
Aaa bbb cc.
Ab b.
```

The output should be:

`Letter A    2.6`

Because, for A, we have (3*3+2*2)/5 = 2.6.

You can assume that sentences are separated by full stops, and words are 
separated by spaces. For simplicity, we include all punctuations, like ',' 
and '.', when calculating word length, like what we did in example1 and 
example2. (So, the length of 'cc.' is 3 instead of 2.) The case of letters can 
be ignored.

Given the walden.txt file as input, the format of the output is "*letter 
avg_word_length*" (The result should be rounded to two decimal places, with 
round(x,2) ), as shown below:

```
Letter A    4.17
Letter B    4.82
Letter F    4.18
Letter I    4.16
Letter S    4.32
Letter T    4.09
Letter W    4.89
```

Write a Hive script to do this. A file called "script.hql" has been created for 
you - you just need to fill in the details. You should be able to modify Hive 
scripts that you have already seen in this week's content. You might use some 
User-Defined Functions (UDFs) which can be found here.

You can test your script by running the following command (it tells Hive to 
execute the commands contained in the file script.hql):

`$ hive -f script.hql`

When you are happy that your script is correct, click "Submit".
